so do you want me to help you stop
crying
yeah sure i'm asking it's a genuine
question
yeah i'm hinted
okay um i'll give a second cause now
i've got to figure out how i'm gonna do
that
welcome
um thank you sorry i'm really nervous
actually
yeah most people tend to be nervous
we'll we'll we'll get over that don't
worry about it bro
um so and why don't you start by telling
me what do you go by
um i'm uh i'm struggling to i i probably
don't want to
uh reveal my real name on stream just
yeah um
something like doc okay that's totally
fine man yeah that's why i just ask you
know i'm not it's just like what do you
want me to call you so doc is totally
fine
so no problem what were you hoping to
talk about today or what are we talking
about bro
um so as
as you've already properly titled it's
um i do have
i would say it's just a very uh
i don't know it's a probably just a
traumatic experience uh
after another it's pretty much my whole
life and
at least for like the first half of it
and then a little bit of like what's
been going on
recently okay um and
to a degree maybe my um
obviously i can say for sure but it
feels like i have a very uh
unnatural reaction to it almost and
just the way that i've been dealing with
it is it's um
i've sort of been troubling i've been
sort of troubled with um
how do i say that just in general how to
even approach others about my own [ __ ]
if that makes sense
how to approach others about the things
that you internally deal with
yeah mostly because i
tend to be very open about what happens
to me
okay in a in a way that's not very
i would say that outwardly doesn't
really seem very emotional
um and it's it feels like there's like a
disconnect between who i am now and who
i was
just a few yeah just a few years ago i
would say
can you tell me who you are now
um it feels like now nowadays
um i'm kind of living in
person almost like it's it feels like
i'm basically just uh
someone who's watching my own life
happening um i don't really have
i don't really have like um um
i don't know like i don't feel like my
life is very important in that
like not in a depressed kind of way like
not and i'm not saying i feel suicidal
as much as i'm saying but it feels like
um
i don't really i feel like i would
rather
um help someone else fix their life and
fix my own
i think that's a good way i think that's
a good way to say that
so would it be fair to say that you're
not you don't feel
invested in your own life
yeah that's a pretty good way to say
that i think okay
so you're just kind of like a person
yeah go ahead um i would say i'm the
type of person who would rather clean up
your room than my own if that makes
sense
so you put others ahead of yourself
yeah um and in a way i do believe that
that's like
the only thing that keeps me happy
anymore um
like i don't it's rare for me to just be
happy on my own
or um to feel happy because something
happened
for me if it makes sense yep um stupid
example i made 10k on crypto
just like from investments and i didn't
feel anything about it i didn't feel
anything
yeah right um
but i never felt anything about it up
until i basically started telling people
um who are close to me who know that
they're going to get some of it and
that's when i started getting a little
bit happy about it i see so like
like the money doesn't mean much to you
but like
when it can help the people around you
yeah
it it that's when you start to feel
happy yeah
and i don't know i just don't feel very
goal um goal oriented anymore
sure um it's like
i guess for the gamers out there i could
say it's like uh i went from being an
eddie carrie main to
you me support okay i don't know exactly
what that means but i i can follow the
gist of it maybe i became the healer
yeah so maybe let me ask you in a
different way would you say that like
you no longer have main quest
and you're just doing side quests yeah
exactly
actually that's funny so that's kind of
how i was describing it to one of my
best friends
yesterday it's just it's just random
side quests
yeah exactly and and it sounds like it
hasn't always been this way you said
that a few years ago maybe it was
different
yeah um i would say
maybe like everything like for five
years it's been like this um
before that i used to be at least
competitive to some extent i was always
like
sort of the way i am now but now it
feels like uh i'm continuing what i've
started if that makes sense
sure uh before that i felt like
there was some drive behind it like i
actually tried to be
um i don't know i i try to be
someone who's got a presence in people's
life who was um
and just someone who had like his own
goals if that makes sense like
i was very excited to be independent i
was excited to be
what i'm trying what i'm still trying to
be a teacher that's what i'm going for
right now it's what i'm studying for
but nowadays it just everything just
kind of feels like it's just happening
like
i close my eyes and five minutes later
it's uh i'm a year older and nothing
happened if that makes sense
yeah um like life is passing you by
exactly um i'm not even necessarily sad
about it and that's what's scaring me
like
i feel like yeah i don't know it's kind
of like
just happening and i don't really feel
invested in my own life anymore i'm just
invested in for example what my little
sister is doing
what uh what my friends are doing um to
some
to some degree and and i'm very
yeah just just like a side note i don't
really know how to like incorporate it
into
like how to just bring it up so i'll
just say it the way it is
um i'm i also have this weird structure
but i don't see many people having but
maybe some people here do
um in a way i feel like i'm a narcissist
who also
hates himself like nothing else if it
makes sense like i'm the person who i
hate and love her most in my entire life
can you tell me about that sure
um for example like about the
loving myself part it's something that
doesn't really need context i just feel
like
in general i have a i have an ability to
get on people's level very well i think
i do have
um i mean i mean it does sound like i'm
like
um like narcissistic but i feel like i
have a very
good amount of like social intelligence
if that makes sense um
i think i'm i can't really think of any
friend circle i'm in where i'm not at
least somewhat of a prominent person
okay and it's not because just it's not
because i'm
someone who's so just who sticks out so
much but people just
want to know me it's more like i just
get to know other people and then they
eventually
just know know me because of that like
yeah
and it's just something that i i feel
like i have a little bit
i have it's like the only thing that i
have proud like pride over
the fact that i can understand and
get along with like pretty much anyone
um i have a very uh
wide set of friends uh i it goes from
like [ __ ] posters on the internet to um
people who i've been studying with in my
university to also people who are like
basically bottom of a society um
in terms of like sure
like here just from being infamous like
they're not bad people and it's just
uh it's hard to explain like it's good
people in bad positions i would say
okay so doc let me ask you a question so
what i heard you just described as sort
of like
an assessment that you're pretty good
socially i'm confused about what that
has to do with being a narcissist who
hates himself
um i guess i've been trying to tiptoe
around it but i also sometimes feel like
um
um at least in that type of like
intelligence um
because i believe there's many types of
it if it makes sense uh
i think that i'm one of one of the best
and the only people who managed to
become like my very consistent and best
friends are also
similar in that regard and
i guess to if i wanted to describe it in
like a way that
seems more logical maybe to people who
can't relate or
it would be something like sometimes
life feels like um
it's like watching a movie and everybody
else leaves before
after like the ads are over and when the
movie actually starts people are
starting to leave and talking about how
good the movie was and i'm the only one
like actually
me and like some other people obviously
but very few people are actually like
watching the movie that we were
that we came here for if that makes
sense okay so
so i i'm gonna i'm gonna try to cap so
you use the word narcissist but
what i'm sort of hearing is like a lot
of people in life are plebs
[Laughter]
and and so is that is that what so
having that
idea is why you you recogni that's what
you describe
when you call yourself a narcissist is
it that attitude
that you're talking yeah sort of like
yeah i know that's not like actual
on the paper narcissism but it's just
like i don't know how to describe it
yeah i i get you okay so we can talk
about other people being plebs
oh okay but not in like a derogatory way
i still i can still love a club if it
makes it
i i i i get you you know you can you can
be
compassionate and respect the plebs but
there's still plebs
right yeah pretty much yeah
i mean you could be on the challenger
league and you can
you know pat those silver tear fighters
on the head
they're still silver right like it's
they're not less human than you are they
just happen to be silver
yeah and it's like i guess but that's a
really good example because like it
feels like i really am like
this challenger player who doesn't
really have anything to do with q times
are long
games aren't fun it's always the same so
i'm going down
so i'm making a smurf account that
helping like a fixed amount of people
trying to go up
yeah i mean no wonder it sounds like
you're living life in the third person
it's like but it's also because it's
like it really does feel like it's the
only thing really
that's really fun for me anymore yeah i
mean it
kind of makes sense so like i know we're
kind of going into the law analogies
here but if you really think about it
like
if i'm a challenger lover player playing
in like silver
let's say silver is a thing in law right
because yeah there's yeah
yeah so like and if you think about it
like how much fun could i have being an
adc
if i'm a challenger level player playing
in silver it's like completely boring
if you also kind of think about it what
would be more fun would be like a yumi
support right where it's like
like there's just no point in playing
this game
if i'm like trying to play but like at
least i can get some enjoyment like
if you think about it i mean sometimes
i'll i'll play with you know dota
players who are like
very good and whenever they play
you know with me like they love playing
sport
like because it's just it's a waste of
everyone's time if they play
mid or carry but like with support
they can run around and like cheer me on
and they have a lot of fun when
i do well exactly you know yeah
maybe everything in everything in life
can be learned from wall maybe that's
the takeaway
yeah pretty much so but help me
understand the hates himself part
i i get the i get the arrogance
all right that one's um it's a bit more
complicated and i think it would make a
little bit more sense once uh
i've i've told a little bit about like
my past but in a way
this one's um like a mixed part it's
most but i think it's mostly this is
just me guessing because
honestly this is something that i can't
really tell for sure why it is the way
it is
um but i've had a major glow up in life
i used to be very um unattractive inside
and outside
was a very weird person to be honest
it's hard to explain but
for a while it felt like um especially
like
middle school and beginning of high
school like
there was nothing i could do to make
people like me if it makes sense
and this is a this is something that i
had to combat by uh essentially copying
normies
let me like to put it like very uh
simple it's something that i i just kind
of
uh started to copy my best friend at the
time who
was only my friend because he lived in
the same house and like he felt like he
had to be my friend
but he was very popular and he was
someone who
really helped me out just by telling him
just by showing me like
how to how to not be the type of person
who for example can't understand that
everything i like doesn't necessarily
have to be something that everyone likes
and i think that's what it was because
uh
because of my like perception that
everything that i like must be something
that's
uh so high up in quality that everyone
would like it even if i
even if i have no clue what it is um
but i grew to be a very annoying person
which then was also paired with um
what i at first actually thought was
probably racist because i lived in a
village where
like i lived in a small town small
people were not actually like no one
knew really like really knew people who
had my type of complexion i would say
um which later then turned out not to be
true because it was actually just rumors
about my mom
that led to that kind of situation uh
because people were telling their
children not to play with me at first
and it just
devolved into more and more not hate but
like dislike i was very cringe
wait people were telling that
like people were their parents but their
parents were telling their kids not to
talk to me
um just like when i was in like
elementary school too
and just these are the same people i was
with in elementary school were always in
my class up until like
beginning of high school and this type
of like
not bullying but just excluding made me
feel like there's nothing about me
that's interesting enough to
ever make like any meaningful
connections uh aside from my family
which even there was it was really hard
um
can you tell me and it's just really oh
yeah can you tell me a little bit about
your family
sure that's like that's an entire thing
to unpack
um so do you want me to just go in
chronological order just tell me to tell
you about what my money's like right now
okay so
i can just talk about my family life i
think um
i have i was brought up by my single
mother at first
um because my biological father
who i hope isn't watching um
he he basically bailed the moment that
i was born or ever yeah that's pretty
much it i was an anchor baby
why do you hope that he's not watching
because i it's
hard to explain at first i thought i
hated him because that's just like
but that's like basically indoctrination
from my mom because she didn't like him
and she just kept telling me to
but i wasn't supposed to like him
nowadays it's more like
i actually really do dislike him just
for the fact that he
basically left me out and just left me
um but at the same time it's more like
the fact that
that i know what type of person he is
he's someone who
um which is this is not an ambition of
guilt just in case uh he's someone who
i've heard
he's uh deals drugs in a major city in
germany right now or
might be dead by by all but i know i
don't know
um and he was someone who's never
contacted me and contacted me ever in my
life other than when he actually needed
something from me
for example he um just to put things in
perspective my mother was german
this probably also answered a few
questions about my accent
but also my biological father he was uh
moroccan
and he used me or my mom rather to make
an anchor baby
and just come to germany um using that
i see and yeah trying to live the high
life right
and um yeah he was uh
this is just the type of person he is he
did that he did
similar things a lot like uh when i
turned 18
um apparently he was like just about to
be thrown out of germany
i don't know why he had he was about to
have his papers taken
so suddenly he started texting me again
and asking he was playing up a big game
he was telling me how
i was his only son that mattered he has
a lot of sons by the way
but i'm the only one that matters and um
he really wanted to connect with me
again and he misses me and
that kept on for like weeks and how did
you honestly i didn't buy it
i didn't buy it i was just annoyed to be
honest because at that point i was just
like i don't really
want to know him now because as much as
blood can
can be thicker than water in that one
instance i just thought it's been 18
years
this dude's just a stranger to me now
like he can't be my father no matter
what he does he's
he's always just going to be a stranger
the same way that any stepfather would
be
that makes sense because i don't know
him
and um yeah so when when that all went
down i was just kind of annoyed that my
mom was
for some reason also trying to enable it
even though she
herself was like the reason i disliked
him at first and didn't try to seek him
out
so she was trying to patch things up
between y'all uh i think she was just
receiving money from him to be honest um
as i said before he may or may not have
been dealing in drugs and have
made has probably made a lot of money
under the table
and he used that to like try to get to
me um sent me a lot of gifts
uh asked me what i wanted to have stuff
like that when we actually met up in
real life which
happened like a few weeks after albert
trying to get in contact
he gave me like a [ __ ] ton of money just
just in my hand right just and you
really thought it was going to work
and i guess it did for what he wanted to
achieve because
the same day that i met him for the
first time in 18 years
so it's also the day that he dragged me
to the town hall and
made me tell some people in the bureau
that uh he i
invented i'm his son and i actually need
him still and
because i did that that's why he never
got like shoved off to another country
so that's like the only reason you
really tried to like um engage with me
again
right and after that yeah and after that
i never really got to hear from him
again
like at first i think because he felt a
little bit bad about it but
it was noted noticeably less and after a
while he stopped texting me all together
again
and uh yeah that's the type of person he
was um and in the meantime
since he was not my only father figure
this is the wrong word to call it i
didn't really have father figures aside
from like my grandpa who was very
he loved me very much but in a way that
someone would love his dog if that makes
sense like
he didn't love me for who i was but just
the fact that i was if that makes sense
like
he showered me in gifts and stuff but
it's not really something that you could
call
raising someone i love him very much
like it's not something that i would
hold against him i don't i don't just
don't think that he knows any other way
to like care for people
yes so if i can just try to understand
that so it sounds like your grandfather
loved you the way that a grandfather
loves a grandson
as opposed to loving you for being you
exactly um but i do believe that like
i have a very special player placed on
his heart and he doesn't have a special
place in my heart too like
but maybe he doesn't really know who you
are exactly it's more yeah it's more
like he doesn't know how to find out who
i am or who anyone
is for that matter he's he's sort of
he's just
the type of person who's just really
old-fashioned and superficial
um like he likes people who do what he
says basically that's a
that's a good way to call it yeah um
so he's he um
but i'm basically um now talking back
like going going back to my mom
she was a single mom obviously and um
she however was someone who
um despite being over 40 like
at the end of her lifespan she was very
i would say energetic and she behaved
like someone who was still like in
in puberty she was like always 16 at
height ever since i've known her
seriously and um
that's something that can be charming
but can also be very exhausting
especially when you're a kid
that feels like you have to basically
educate your own mom on stuff if that
makes sense i always felt like i was
repaired
um maybe some people can relate i i bet
some people can
um can you give me an example of of what
that looked like
um complete naivete and just
complete naivete like she was someone
who
had lots of husbands in her in her
lifetime
i would say always the same type of
person
and she just would never learn from her
mistakes
in that regard um
same type of person my father was
someone who just used her for like
just to like get to germany basically or
for any other man
like any other means to just get some
sort of um
benefit out of you and also for a
relationship we would all marry her for
paying for
a visa for money stuff like that
um weirdly enough always people from the
same family as my father
almost always that's very weird
thank you son um
it really was weird like uh you see even
like
i'm my real name it's actually
the name of my biological father's
brother so that's like the type of
person
i'm not the type of family but i'm that
i used to live and it was really weird
and basically
they were all in my opinion very bad
people which is also i don't want them
to see this
but they probably won't they can't speak
english um
yeah but um this all kind of
so can you tell us all kind of let you
yeah oh sorry go ahead
i was just led to like a childhood where
i had like a very
a very inconsistent concept of what home
is if that makes sense um
i used to live with my mother for don't
be like eight years stuff like that um
and at some point um
i think at that point i had two
different stepfathers already
one of them was like neutral the other
one was really bad really
i i like i get to see them fight every
single day luckily not nothing physical
but it was just something that i've seen
every single day
and at some point in life she also
figured that she
wants to live like she wants to live her
own life she doesn't really want to live
for her children
that makes sense so she shoved me off to
my grandparents which is also why i'm
saying that my grandpa
really um was like the only father
figure that i had
for a while because um
i was raised there like with my
grandparents for like half my life at
least and now i'm here again
grandpa is still upstairs um
yeah and at some point like after being
with my grandparents for a while but
that was something that i could call my
like my actual home
but one day um that's when i like around
the time that my little sister got
gotten around to maybe six years old
that's when um the child protective
services are
some no actually no um just basically
just uh
the town in general just came up to my
mom and asked her
whether i'm still living with her or not
and
they figured that i wasn't so we
basically threatened her that if
i wasn't coming back to uh to her place
they would cut the um picture what's it
called like just we
in germany we get money for having
children basically sure yeah
um i don't know what it's called sorry
but um
yeah but since you didn't want to miss
out on that money which she didn't give
to my grandparents either
like she was just kind of living off of
that
um she figured that i'd have to come
back and after that things were really
awkward to be honest because like
i've been i've been living somewhere
else for six years i didn't really
trust in my mom uh i was
12 13 something when you came back
yeah okay so you spent like 6 to 12 with
your grandparents
exactly um
and when i came back it was just
extremely awkward because i
i didn't i didn't really connect well
with my sister yet and like
she was just a stranger to me to be
honest at that point
but your sister was staying with your
mom yeah exactly because my mom always
wished for
like my mom always wished for a daughter
so that was like
that's like the main reason she stayed
with her because like my big brother was
also chef to my grandparents at some
point
and um yeah um when i was there
things just immediately went kind of
hayward
haywire again because uh as i said
before she had a lot of like
i had a lot of stepfathers and none of
them
were good except for the last one to
some degree
but i'm gonna get to that um
it's always been like i was always
afraid that they
like they were bad people to such an
extent that i was scared that they would
touch my little sister when i'm not
around sort of
like that's how bad they were sometimes
um
you talk it says not many people wanted
you
yeah they didn't and i can't even fault
them
which is also like this plays also into
like
my um self-hatred two way because i feel
in a way i've just messed that up and
i'm still that person i'm still someone
who people don't want
and now i'm playing this character or
it's not even a character because like i
don't think i'm
acting like in a way that's like fixed
but rather
uh depending on who i'm in front of it's
just like a matter of role taking if
that makes sense like
i i'll be the mirror that reflects
someone the best way
possible or i try to be at least like i
want people to just be comfortable
around me
and so i'll act accordingly sounds like
you're a chameleon
yeah pretty much um but i
i think i have like a few car like a few
car
um things about my personality that
don't change um
but mostly yeah that's what i am a
crypto savant
exactly um
no but uh yeah people really didn't want
me back then
um especially like any like anything
outside of a realm of like my
grandfather
a grand grandparent's house that's
everything that's everything that didn't
want me
uh school teachers my my own mother uh
my
my real my real father stuff like that
they all didn't really want me around
um not necessarily oh sure um
this is actually like a mixed product i
said background because like i had
many teachers who were very nice to me
but the thing is i think it's
probably a natural thing in people to
always like
have the worst stuff that happened to
you more in mind than the rest um
and for every uh i don't know if every
five teachers were very good to me there
was one teacher who would bully me in
front of a tire in front of a class
at some point that was even um the
school rector that was like the worst
time of my life in a way because
that person made me um fail fail class
like
i actually had to repeat one class even
though i had a really good like
i had a really i had really good results
at the end of at the end of the semester
thing was that she just gave me an f and
one course in the germany it's like this
if you have an f
and you're like final results when you
just don't get to um
progress to the next class why didn't
you
get failed do you know um
and ironically because she didn't like
me and uh
stuff like that happened with her all
the time to the point where she actually
got like demoted like she's not in that
school anymore
it's like she's been in the papers for
her and that was really just me being
unlucky like she
didn't really have a reason to dislike
me she was just the type of person who
would like single someone
just be so that sounds like it was just
bad luck
yeah pretty much because like it's
really weird because like
three years after that i got into the
same class again and she had it and she
ended up having a headphone on someone
completely different and
that time i i got i got off from
scottsdale nothing
happened interesting okay
yeah but um so i had a few teachers
oh go ahead sorry please i had a few
teachers who would
very deliberately um make me do things
that they knew
the entire class would make fun of me
for um
especially like uh just i don't know
like
it goes from like simple stuff like
asking me stuff that they knew
i wouldn't i wasn't gonna know to
literally bringing up like my
entire like family relations uh in front
of a whole class just to
make fun of it sort of like it was
really weird
what would they say it was um for
example i had like a really bad fight
with my mom at the time and he'd just
bring it up and
asked me how i couldn't have how i could
be disappointing to someone who and then
he mentioned something that my mom was
very famous for
um in relation to like me having a lot
of stepfathers that brings like
a lot of infamy with it right okay so
yeah
not like he was not a very nice person
and that guy's like
i don't know that guy is like still in
my brain i don't think that's
ever gonna leave for some reason it's
just like
it felt really unfair at the time
because i felt like i really i had no
chance to even if i was a normal person
if that makes sense i don't think i
would have made friends
at the time um
but yeah when that when you say that
person is still in your brain
that sounds awful and also what what
space do they occupy in their mind in
your mind in what way are they still in
your brain
i think there's like an entire half of
my psyche that's like dedicated to like
in
weirdly enough uh it's like the most
dramatic thing for me even though
on paper there's much worse stuff that's
i'm still going to tell you
but the bullying uh it just made me feel
like there really was
nothing and no one who would ever really
gonna who's
ever really gonna love me for who i am
instead of just what i am which is for
example a grandson if that makes
but um it's like till this day now i'm
very popular where i live
um and still when i walk around
somewhere i feel like when people are
laughing i
i always feel like it's probably
something about me because people used
to make fun of like the most mundane
things about me
the way i drink water the way i walk
like stuff like that
and that just makes you feel like
there's really nothing that
you can do that feels normal all right
and now it's like this half of my brain
that i know isn't real anymore
like it's i often call i like to call it
um
logic against behind like my heart's
telling me this
like people are still um people still
feel this way about me but my brain
knows it's not that way
sure sure i'm noticing you
you laugh a lot yeah it's because uh
i am like i'm starting to realize now
that i'm probably at the point where
i've been telling like a lot of stuff
that's
really bad and i'm not showing the
emotional
um i don't know like i don't i feel like
i'm not showing like an
emotional response that's fitting if
that makes sense
and also it's something that i just
someone just said coping humor
in uh in the chat which is no reading
twitch
sorry i'm really sorry no reading
chat quiet okay
i once just asked
yeah i got it forward now but um
basically uh for me it's something that
this is going to sound weird i have an
uncle who's very very very like
he's suffering a lot from bpd
and he's one of her only like
people i know who are like very
genuinely kind and nice but he's
got a really bad problem which is he
alien alienates people all the time
by basically talking about his tragedies
in a way that
makes people feel like they have to say
something to it like they have to
console him
and i think in my opinion um people who
have that sort of negative
energy around them like all the time
like if it's really very
consistent um people have a problem with
actually
connecting to that person anymore like
they don't really want to be around that
person anymore and i like to be
recycled type of person who's
comfortable to be around
and so i don't like to have and so i
don't even if i were to
still feel like overly emotional i feel
like i would still try to mask that
because i want people to feel like i'm
just telling them a story and they don't
really have to
like pat my back and be like oh i'm so
sorry for you
because i know it's gonna make them feel
bad too like it's because especially
because of the things that i do tell
people i think it's something that most
people just don't know how to respond to
yeah at all so what i'm hearing is that
so i'm hearing that you have an uncle
who manipulates people into being
compassionate and caring
very true yes and you will be damned
if you manipulate people into doing the
same thing
exactly it's just uh for him it's like
his saving grace is that he
himself is as caring and as
compassionate as he wants everest to be
like
he's he's at least doing that like
back to people and he's very much like
if he loves someone he would do anything
for them sure
but he's very egocentric i would say in
the way that uh
um i'm probably front running like what
i'm about to tell but
i was gonna eventually tell you about
how my mom was murdered
and uh i had to like i watched it
i was there for it and my
uncle uh somehow had this idea in mind
that he had it worse than
me for example which i feel like if he
had told that to anyone else they would
have probably snapped at him
i wasn't really angry because i know
what's going on in his mind but like
i can i can see how this sort of
behavior can
probably piss off a lot of people if
that makes sense and he's
alienated like all of his real life
friends just from doing that
but yeah it's like
i try to be the type of person who
if i do decide to tell someone stuff i
don't want them to feel like
they have to react in a certain
in some specific way they don't have to
tell me anything if i'm telling it i
want it to be like i'm just
telling an interesting story okay sad
but interesting
i'm confused about how to react to you
sharing that your mother was murdered
um yeah it's uh it's i think that's
everyone that's part of it
um it for me it's very like a
conflicting thing because
as you can probably as you've probably
picked up my especially like my early
lifetime with her
not a very good experience um not
necessarily horrible but also not
very good and i always felt like i
wasn't really like
an important part of her life especially
during that time
um but as i said before she had a lot of
like she
she married a lot um and people really
did think that she was just someone
who's very
easy to have um to say very
and then to put it in like the most
positive life but i can
however um she really was in love with
her people that she
married she was just really um she was
just really
unfortunate in the way she picked people
and um so they would always like end up
breaking up with her
before she even like was ready for it
herself and it gave her something that
i don't know it changed her in the to a
degree where she was
extremely jealous um in the most unlike
i don't know it was really unhealthy to
see even to see and to witness but
i wouldn't want to i wouldn't want to
have been like her married partner even
if
even if she i was someone who wasn't her
because she was like very
i don't know she was so jealous but it
really felt like there was nothing you
could do to please her
and when my last stepfather came around
that person was a very nice man
in my opinion he was a very nice man at
first for example
she he was someone that actually was
completely outside of the
um how do you say that completely like
outside of what she usually looked for
in men
very complete like a very different man
actually like someone who's integrated
into society
someone who works alone like someone who
wanted to work instead of just sitting
and sit and sit at home and drink and
talk to underage people on chatterbait
or whatever whatever
chad roulette i think and
just someone who felt like he was a
normal person like someone that
as weird as business to say um
that was like around the time where i
actually had friends
and meeting other families was like
complete whiplash for me
seeing how other families uh like even
even by while having in mind that these
people are probably trying to like
play it up and be nicer now that i'm
around now that i'm busy and visiting
these people were nice to a degree but
i've never known
um it was such a weird experience to see
like a normal functioning family
and it was so distant from what my
family wasn't
in my opinion aside from like maybe what
my grandparents were
but when that person came around it felt
like
this guy was gonna um bring that sort of
feeling that i had when i was at my
friend's
like in my at my friend's house right to
visit it felt like he was going to bring
that to us
but she did actually like he actually
did that um he
had something about him but
i'm i'm listening uh what did he bring i
think you're about to say it
okay yeah um he he just brought
something that
i would call common sense um he was
someone who actually wanted to
be like a presence in my life in my
sister's life he wanted to be someone
like he was
someone who actually loved my mother
instead of just trying to abuse her for
something
um and i think that
and i think that confused my mom because
she was so
like adjusted to people being the worst
to her
right and so because this person was so
different
she started being voiced to him um
not at first but like at some point it
went to a
degree where for example she um
she would go to work and he usually came
home
before she did because he went out
earlier too
and he had put on some weight he wanted
to lose weight so he just went out
and drove his butt like rode his bike
so he came home later than she did and
her immediate reaction to that when he
came home was
who were you with who did you cheat on
me with right
very extreme reaction she would take his
phone and uh
demand that she knows that she gets to
know all his passwords
he gets to read all of his facebook
messages and stuff and then she told her
at some point even
started like throwing his phone around
and having like extreme temper tantrums
where he wouldn't even understand what
she's saying anymore
which was very sad because she had like
made so much progress at that point
in to like in a direction where i would
call her like an actual mom
instead of just the person i call mom if
that makes sense
um she was still someone who i felt i
had to
educate and care for in a way but
it at least felt like she loved me and
very like she actually like now
like loved and um appreciated me in a
way a mother would have some
instead of just someone who's like
living with me and this was around the
time that she was dating the
the good stepfather or married to okay
yeah this is
good so even though she was kind of
sorry just to clarify even though she
was kind of um
maybe being not so nice to him it
sounded like she was more
genuinely caring for you
and not for her too like she was she was
very much in love with her like to a
point with
i would say this is his love for her was
probably
um the thing that seared like my
family's uh
entire fate in a way because
the thing is if you treat someone who
hates you badly
he's just gonna want to distance himself
from you right but if you treat someone
badly who loves you a person's just
gonna be confused and not know what to
do
and some people can deal with that sort
of pressure in a way that doesn't end in
homicide and some people can't i would
say
and this person after
two years of having been the best father
figure that i
have had up until that point
apparently i don't know really what
happened i don't even know if it really
happened but my mom claimed that he
um like punched her and punched the
lights out almost
like um i heard him screaming i went i
immediately came running and what i saw
was
her on the ground crying she was mad in
the floor uh
just looking at me like just like no
what did i do right
i talked to her and she said but yeah
and he had punched him a few times but
to be honest her story didn't completely
check out
i feel like she actually lied about it
in a way because like his story which
was that he shoved her aside and
um everybody shoved her side very hard
and that she
and that he accidentally like pushed her
against the um door frame
uh like seeing the wounds that she had
that was much more likely than
him actually punching her full password
three times in the face like that didn't
really check out
but nevertheless i was mad um my big
brother was really mad
and we threw him out not in the nicest
way possible either
but i eventually started feeling bad for
my king and i came after him and i
helped him at least find a hotel to stay
in
and at the time i was working at the
same place as my mom
we had a small casino just eight slot
machines now it's nothing big but
it was ours we were um we were working
in it
up until like eight and one am every day
and one time like like a week after that
happened
um i would occasionally bring him food
stuff like that so he would like
even then live comfortably because for
some reason i just knew they were going
to get back together
um and he ended up visiting me in
in that casino while i was working and
just
smelled like a smell of alcohol smelled
of puke
really puffy uh eyes and he was talking
to me about how
horrible he felt how this is like the
worst time of his life
because he's separated from her because
he doesn't know what to do he feels like
and he even told me at that point that
sometimes she can be like the nicest and
sweetest woman to him and sometimes
she's just
so insane to her and to him that he
doesn't know what to do
and he asked me for a hug i gave it to
him he connected and
i figured i would i was going to help
him to get back with my
get back with my mom again which i did
i believe myself to be someone who's
very good at
reaching like any sort of goal as long
as it
um as long as it contains making someone
do something
even if it's at least something that
they have at least somewhat in mind like
i think
it's not really i don't know if it's
something that i couldn't call
manipulative but
something along those lines they have to
give you a side quest and you can make
sure it gets done
exactly exactly if i know if i can feel
that there's like even if it's a secret
quest if i can feel it i can do it sort
of
but it's that's what it feels like but
yeah i did that
and from four months it went
really well again and then
basically like a complete repeat of
everything but i said before happened
again
and um yeah so we threw him out again
and this time and this is something that
i missed to tell you um before that he
actually told us that
next time he was gonna get thrown out
like once he came back in he said that
in a very
not in a cryptic or mad way he said that
very matter-of-factly like
we didn't even think anything about it
he said that um we were going to regret
it
and my mom immediately asked him what
are you going to go back to portugal
because that's where he was from
um and he was like yeah you'll see
and that felt like that's what he meant
right and
so this time we threw him out again
because it happened basically the exact
same thing happened again
um except this time he also like tried
to push my sister or something i wasn't
there for it
and because of that like
we eventually checked out like on her
mom's bank account like her shared bank
account with bad guy
and we really realized i can't talk
sorry
we realized that um 500 euros we're
missing
it's like i think about 600 something
like that
um and we figured he really did just get
a
ticket back to portugal or something
like that
well he visited me again at work
this time at like night time much more
[ __ ] up than the last time very puffy
eyes again
small smooth smoke like [ __ ] to be
honest and
one time he and like he we were just
talking about [ __ ] and not even about my
mom just talking about stuff because i
felt like this was the last time we were
gonna talk
which was right um
and he again asked me to hug him and he
was talking about how he feels like
this is again the worst time of his life
but also
there's nothing he can do about it right
like he felt like there was nothing to
do and i told him yeah i don't think you
and mom are
ever going to work out it was like yeah
but things are going to be better soon
and the next day i was in bed my mom was
late
it was late at work she just came home i
heard her garage going um
just closed down so i figured she was
gonna come in soon
and suddenly i heard basically the
loudest
sound of my that i've ever heard in my
life it's felt like an explosion right
next to me
and it happened again and again so like
three times and i
then looked outside of a window and i
saw my mom laying on the ground
and my stepfather or at least a
silhouette
with a gun in hand and
yeah i panicked called the police the
father and at that point i actually
fought or even knew
like in my mind i knew i was gonna die
next i felt like this is
this person that's gonna come up here
and he's gonna kill me and he's gonna
kill my sister and this is like my last
moment in life
that sort of feeling is something that i
probably will never shake
i it's hard to explain it's something it
feels like
that sort of adrenaline makes you feel
like someone else is controlling your
body and you're only
watching and it's like
i don't know it's like automotive but
yeah um and i thought was
even more like that's part sounded even
more convincing to me the moment i heard
another shot
and i didn't even bother to try to look
outside of the window this time
because i was scared to see and to see
what it was or to see
someone actually come in so out of panic
i just called the police and i took a
wine bottle
still stood next to the door and thought
that if someone's going to come in maybe
i can try to overwhelm them if not i'll
die
i die anyways maybe i can save my sister
who knows
but no one ever came no police and that
guy didn't either
so at some point after like probably 15
minutes of waiting or maybe free who
knows
i was very i was in a very very weird
mindset
i actually looked outside of the window
and i saw another person laying down on
the ground
same person with a gun yeah and
like an hour later police came and
that's where how my family got torn
apart to a point where
nothing feels but now it does again that
it felt like
life was never going to be normal again
and it
i think it's just something to before i
finish this story sort of
it just felt almost ironic that
the moment that life feels it feels like
it's starting to get
better in regards to like my family life
the moment that
my um me and my mom get back together in
a way where it's
where it actually feels like family
that's when life also takes her from me
was kind of ironic i guess
that's quite the story doc yeah
it's hard to tell people sometimes
because it feels like i don't know i
feel like it's
actually so much that people often
oftentimes don't believe me
unless they actually live around me and
know it happened
it does sound unbelievable in a lot of
ways
yeah i know and to those who doesn't
sound unbelievable too it sounds like
something they can't really respond to
usually when i'm at a loss for words
it's because there are too many
things to say i'm sorry
no it's okay how does it feel to share
that
um it's something that i can't really
explain to be honest
because um i'm as i said before i'm very
open about like
i don't know it's hard to say it's i've
i'm very open about stuff that happens
to me i
tell people all the time and
it feels like i'm making it real again
in a way because like sometimes i feel
like my brain is trying to
not forget it but make it seem like it
happened 20 years ago when it was only
three years ago
and when i tell it i feel like
it's it's still real it's something that
really didn't even
um i don't know it's something that
happened not too long ago but i overcame
it if that makes sense like i think
i think but in a way at least
i probably overcame it as well as i
possibly could without any help
that makes sense because there were
times where i
didn't want to live anymore that's
especially like the first
um first week after it happened second
week
ironically i was already working again
because like
i felt like if i were to go back into
like a normal everyday life
um i wasn't gonna forget it but i was at
least gonna get used to the change if
that makes sense
because like that basically uploaded
like my entire life like
nothing's the same
um yeah you have more to say
no no it's fine can i think for a second
you may i love it thank you
hmm
i feel like this conversation has ten
main quests
in it
they all feel really important to me
okay i'm gonna start listing them out
all right actually let's start with this
what
how how are you feeling right now doc
still nervous um a little bit more
comfortable than before
but other than that i don't really
feel much to be honest is your is your
mind
telling you that we think
something about you now
um i can't imagine that there's people
especially like in
i don't know i can imagine that there's
people who now have listened to that who
believe this is not true
um because that's like a that's
that's a reaction i get a lot um
there's probably a lot of people who
think i'm weird for
reacting to it the way i do and maybe a
lot of people are also
relating to at least part of what i just
said because i think uh
i don't know i think that for a lot of
people especially like people who
maybe were outcasts or even outcasts
like in
middle and high school or even just
people who are gamers
um i think there's at least something
that
they will probably relate to in that
what do you think i think
no clue okay good i'm happy to hear that
um because that means i don't have to
dispel anything and we can just get into
it
so i have a very good opinion about you
well let's it sounds like disappointing
you will be easy then
um so
yeah i it's yeah anyway you don't have
to
we can i'm sure we can hit that tennis
ball across the court several times
back and forth yeah um so
uh let me just let me just kind of toss
out i'm gonna just think out loud okay
okay so we started off the conversation
and you kind of mentioned that you had
had traumatic experiences but that you
basically like the main thing that
that i heard originally was that you're
kind of living life in the third person
and that the only time that you kind of
get excited is
the only time that you can really feel
happiness or joy
is like when you're helping someone else
out
um and and you know also like so we sort
of
kind of notice that you sort of feel
like
separated from your life you're not
invested in your own life
um but you can be invested in others and
then you sort of mention this thing
about
um you know like you're a narcissist who
hates himself and
what as we kind of dug into that we sort
of recognize that
you know you do actually think about
other people as plebs and as weird as
that sounds i don't think that that's
actually arrogant i
i i think that
i think you can accurately assess that
you've sort of developed like a high
level of social intelligence and you
kind of know how to interact with people
you know how to make yourself likeable
and that sometimes people
are not like aware of those levels of
interaction
right which sort of makes sense it's
kind of like you know you can be a
master chef
and taste lots of things whereas like
you know the majority of people may just
want their attendees and like they don't
really care about
you know like which is which is fine
like it's like that's how humans are
like some of us
are master chefs and some of us are fine
with attendees
you know some of us are like socially
like very aware of nuance and such
and and other people are just sort of
like i'm gonna be a pleb and
oh my god did you see this pair of shoes
on instagram i want it
and and you know like yeah and that's
fine right
like yeah i wish i was like that that's
that's the thing like
i don't think i i don't think lesser of
him i just feel like yeah i wish i would
still like that if that makes sense
and and some people are challenger level
at league and some people are silver
right like that's
it's okay for people to be good at
things and other people to not be good
at things
um and you know you mentioned
hate yourself um and this is where i
think we can really start to see a
couple of themes which
you know if you've been watching the
stream for a while i'm sure people can
piece this together
you reading twitch chat by the way no
okay good actually not so
so i i you know you you said one thing
that struck me as odd is that there was
a friend of yours who was living with
you
and he felt like he had to be your
friend because he was living with you
can you help me understand that
statement oh it's just the
apartment complex he was living
underneath like in the apartment
underneath me
why does why does he have to be with why
does he
have to because he he just was that type
of person he wasn't
he's extremely extroverted um
that person is like an entire thing to
unpack too because he was uh that
he was my latest in my late step
problems like the guy who did that
he was when he was his um
nephew so it's a yeah that's like a
tangled tangled story but but what i'm
curious about is
is why couldn't he like you for being
you
uh because he told me he wouldn't have
liked me if i hadn't lived in the same
department in the same apartment complex
he was very uh he was just someone who
was very extroverted and he
just knowing that someone just someone
his age
is in the same like house as he is
he just he just felt like he was he had
to do
do stuff with me because he just always
needs someone around and that was like
the perfect
scenario for him so he in a way shaped
me into someone he would like if that
makes sense because
i was a very i was a very nerdy person
um because as one might as one might
tell since i didn't have any friends
internet was my friend and it still is
to his day
to a degree because that's why i feel
most comfortable even
like i'm not shy i have a lot of friends
nowadays i have a lot of people to hang
out with i just
oftentimes feel like i do want to stay
alone either way
yeah so doc i may start
interrupting you a little bit okay
that's fine completely fine
um so so and so this is i think like a
was not the answer i was expecting um in
terms of
you know why you felt that way but but i
i'm really seeing a big theme here which
is that you know you're not
worth liking right so yeah
so so and we'll and i can see you
swallowed there so that's good so
there's probably some kind of emotion
so right then it can hurt to hear it but
like let's just kind of like run through
the
the evidence of that right so i and i
think that
and this is where we have to get really
tricky because i think you are worth
liking but i think that it's very
reasonable
for you to believe that you are not
worth liking because like honestly the
evidence kind of points in that
direction right
and i think it just happens to be bad
karma for lack of a better term but to
start off with you were an anchor child
right your dad like
basically the reason that you were
conceived was out of a uh
a sociopathic desire to stay in a
country and for material gain
yeah and to have an absent father who
tells you that he likes you i mean
you're not really buying it but then you
also get like very clear evidence right
and this is not one of those things
where i mean sometimes we we deal with
situations of cognitive bias or
distortion
where that's what i thought we would see
with your friend which was like
oh you know maybe you just didn't
realize because you felt unlovable but
he actually was your friend because
he liked you but it turns out maybe
that's not the case
and that if anything what he taught you
is that you're not
worth liking but if we can doll you up
and make you pretty and make you
likeable if i can turn you into
something that you're not
then i can like you yeah pretty much
and and so yeah go ahead
i was just gonna say that um uh in like
regards to the uh
cognitive dissonance that you've
mentioned before i get that and i still
for me it's i think it's a little bit
different than for most people
um because i have this sort of thing
where it feels like i got two
thought processes at the same time when
talking to people where it's like the
logic
that's like the logical part of my brain
that knows no this person probably
really does like me and i'm very
confident in that assessment then
there's also the other part of my brain
that's like
yeah but do you remember back then you
did you never really know if people
actually like you or is it this is just
a facade because we either don't want to
be mean
or because we're trying to like bait you
into being like
uh funnily stupid again sort of yeah
good so i'm glad that you recognize that
because i do think it's different from
the cog
i think it's quite different so for some
people what happened so let's just
illustrate this for a second
for some people what happens is that
their
heart ends up controlling their mind
and so even though the mind should
logically see that this person likes you
the heart convinces them otherwise and
they take someone who actually likes you
and distort it
into what the heart actually believes in
your sense i don't think that you have
that cognitive distortion or cognitive
bias
yeah it's more like my heart is trying
to give me that but it's not working
that much yeah
yeah yeah i just feel a general form of
like discomfort
yeah that's like at most that's it
absolutely and i think if
we want to be really honest about it
like i think that there's a good reason
it's not that your heart is actually
illogical i think it's actually quite
logical right because
if we really look at your life what we
see is you know dad
you know like abandonment and all that
good stuff and then also like
oh son you're the only son that matters
to me
pro tip if you have a parent who has
lots of children
and tells you that you're the only one
that dot dot dot or just in general
makes me hate it more just in general
like like i see this a lot with like
narcissistic
kind of i mean we i think the word gets
tossed around a lot so
there's just a particular kind of person
who will say you're the only one
yeah right so that kind of idealization
that's something you should be careful
like even when it comes to dr k they're
like dr k is the only one no i'm i'm
really not
you know no it's like um that's i
i wouldn't say that either like i just
um
uh this is gonna probably this is
probably something you've heard a lot
before
um i came to know you because of your
first interview with
reckful and reckful was someone that i
at that point in time
um related to a lot um weirdly enough
because i feel like he has very he had
very different problems
to me and still i felt like he was
someone that i could relate to very well
and when i found out that he was like
talking to a therapist on online
and i checked it out and i felt like
this is someone who actually
sort of um can like look behind that
curtain that people
have put up and and at least in my like
this is gonna sound weird to say but i
feel like people who are primarily on
the internet
aren't easily understood by most
therapists in
the same way that they are by you and by
you for some reason
yeah so there's a simple reason for that
and it's that therapists look at
patients
and what therapists should do is look at
people
yeah right and and
i mean that you know i think the more
person
that you see the easier it's going to be
to relate and if we really look at
you know byron i think one of the things
that made him special was that
he was really good at like being himself
and being very authentic which is why
it's interesting because we do hear that
a lot of people like really connected
with byron and i think that's because
like
he showed off all the facets of his
being so you didn't get
a curtain you got a person like yeah it
felt like
um in a way it felt like just hanging
out with a friend when you watched him
yeah that's probably what most people
felt like
and so just kind of going back to kind
of themes of of you know being unlovable
which is just what i'm going to call it
right so there's your dad
there's this friend who sort of shaped
you into a person who's worthy of being
friends with
um and then also like people like kids
in your neighborhood
explicitly being told to not hang out
with you
yeah um because of just rumors about my
mom going around
yeah also just me being like the only
colored person in the village that's
what i thought was the case
um the way i was trying to make it easy
for myself i think yeah
just a standard case of racism yeah but
i i tried to make it about that because
i feel like if it's not then i can't do
anything about it it's not my fault and
it's fine
exactly but it turned out to not be that
which means what
um first of all i needed to change and
second of all
people knew about my mom too much yeah
so it's kind of interesting right
because when you say you need to change
like if you attribute
their dislike of you to racism like
that's not your fault
yeah but if it's not racism then it's
sort of like
kind of your not necessarily it's that
it's your fault because
i still get the sense that you're pretty
level-headed about that but that it
like you really are there's something
wrong with you let's put it that way
yeah um i was just very
i was just the annoying kid at school
basically like uh
but it's also i think it was kind of a
result of just not having any friends in
my age range ever
up until like up until i like turned
[Music]
14 with my friend that lived in the same
apartment complex and then 16 when i
basically started with a new slate in a
new class that was really welcoming and
nice
yeah so i'm just going to kind of go
back to unlovable okay
i'm just going to lay out a couple other
things so one is like
you know being told that you know being
sent off to your grandparents place and
then your mom telling you that they
always wanted a daughter i'm gonna keep
this kid
but this kid i'm gonna send off
like that's gotta hurt
it did to a degree but i was
luckily young enough to not really like
think about it too much my grandpa did a
really good job of like
making me feel like i was at home
but it was still it was still on my mind
yeah
yeah yeah so so and this is where i kind
of get
you know back to this idea of like you
know what's it like to never be wanted
it it i think it's something that
i say that at some point it just makes
you feel like
i don't know you just ask yourself all
the time what's wrong with me um
what did i do wrong why are people like
always snapping at me why
no i can't uh it just felt like why
can't i have
why can't i have anything nice unless
it's literally just a i don't know a ps2
game
or something that i got on christmas
right
um yeah just it felt like uh
i must have messed up somewhere and
there's no way for me to
get out of it on my own because i just
don't know what to change
or i didn't know um
at some point i just figured i would uh
see like
i had like a few people who were at
least neutral towards me and i just
tried to like
hang on to those people and be as um
i don't know i tried to be uh almost
like them
and it just weirdly worked out
doc i mean this may sound kind of weird
like i don't know how to find the words
but like
i can imagine that the person that on
some level you feel you
are has a main quest that isn't even
worth pursuing
yeah pretty much
right like why would we want to bother
with this guy's main quest
like this guy's main quest isn't even
worth it
like there are like other people who are
like normal
and like them doing their side quests is
like more
important than our main quest
you know i'm kind of i'm kind of almost
imagining these rpgs where you know
sometimes like in rpgs you've got good
characters and bad characters
and there's the side content that you
can do to develop a character and some
characters just aren't worth developing
yeah so you just leave the side quest is
just sitting in the quest log but
they're not really worth using like
their stats are low so like why bother
yeah pretty much um so i just went back
to character creation basically
yeah well said right and you reinvented
yourself
yeah and i don't know is this gonna
sound weird but i feel like
in a way everything that happened in my
life at least to some degree
made me who i am because uh i don't know
how
else to say it but i feel like i've been
in
almost like every single position that
someone of my age could be in
um in the way that i've been someone who
was extremely unpopular
bullied um i know what it's like to
to have parents i don't i don't i know
what it's like to be an orphan now um i
i know what it's like not to be loved by
your parents but i also know what it's
like
to get pay attention uh mostly because
my grandparents but also just with last
two years of my mom
still uh i don't know it's just like the
last three years of
living with my mom we're actually pretty
nice which is why it's so
which is why it still hurt to lose her
so much like
it's hard to explain but all these
things uh
it's obviously a lot more to it it just
came together to make me feel like i
can empathize and simplify with almost
everyone
to a degree where i became popular not
because of
um
okay okay okay so two things sorry
you gotta find so one thing is
that feels like i don't know what else
to call it but a main quest
yoink you know i don't know if you
played one of these games where
you're like you know you're like at the
end of the main quest and then you get
like disconnected
and you have to start over at the
beginning it's like
like you know just when you were putting
your life together
and like you had a stepfather in the
picture who like
actually treated you nicely yeah
and your mom was also like being more
loving towards you
and then he murders her and kills
himself
like what is the point of progressing on
a main quest
that ends like that
i don't know taking care of my sister
that's not the best question
right so i understand that's what you do
and that's probably why
how you get through suicidal feelings
which makes sense and i think that's
good
what are you feeling now
um i think this is um
probably the first time in
one and a half years but i feel like
crying about it
i don't know it's um i don't really like
as i told you before i talk about this
in a way where as if i was talking and
telling someone a story so i
don't force people to like go in depth
about it
so now it's tickling your spot that
hasn't i don't know
so it's kind of strange because like
literally on the screen
you're like sneaking away you've moved
like
further and for no no i think it's fine
i think it's just like
it's interesting right because like
you're not like as the conversation goes
you're like
sneaking which is fine i i don't i don't
i think you should be allowed to retreat
but it you know and and i think like
how you know how does it feel to be
tickling that
spot again
so it's hard to explain um
it feels like um
as i said before it's like it's like um
i'm making it real again
i don't i feel like at least people who
go through trauma can kind of relate
to this in the way that sometimes
there's really bad things that happen
feel like
suddenly that 20 years back in the past
even though it's really happened like
way like not even that long ago
and i don't know i feel like i've never
really gotten to
talk about it with someone in a way
where i could actually um
be sad about it if that makes sense
since i was always um
kind of like the full support pillar for
my family at least
mentally um i
play some sort of a favaro for my sister
my grandma
basically needs me to yeah um
it's like i don't know it's it feels
weird to actually be
at a spot where i'm the one like being
in focus about it
and in a way where i don't have to feel
like
whatever i'm saying should not be should
not like go over
some sort of limit to a point where
someone dislikes me
good so that segues to my next question
what do we think about you now
i've honestly no clue
[Music]
i don't know i from experience i would
say there's probably
still a lot of people who either don't
believe it
and even worse there's probably a lot of
people who
um who relate to it too much
which for most people i do feel bad for
um i hope no one can
but it's unlikely yeah
is it okay if we if we see you
yeah um can i tell you what i see
i see a survivor
[Laughter]
i think that's what you are and there's
like there's respect there
but there's also sorrow
like a lot right because we can respect
a survivor but it's also like
there's only one way that you can become
a survivor which is by surviving [ __ ]
and you can be likable i mean that's
cool like i think it's neat that you
leveled up your
you know learning how to talk to other
normies skill
yeah next i tried to mix up my character
yeah
right so like you're as much as i can
you're like an alien in human clothing
like that's neat and all but i i think
at the end of the day doc like seriously
what i see is like a survivor
yeah i don't know i always felt like um
at first that's what i felt like too but
um over time i just started out so like
i don't know i wasn't going to bring
this up because this is like actually
something that
me i don't know this is also like
part of why i don't like myself but i
feel like
i i don't know um i was too close to my
stepfather
so now i'm like in this weird limbo
where
um i hate him or more than anything like
he
it's this is gonna sound weird i'm even
more pissed about the fact he also
killed himself because it basically took
like my
like the only thing that i could be mad
at if that makes sense
and afterwards i also started to think
about how this person
who had such a bad thing in mind
also i also managed to
have the audacity almost to like
come up to my into my workplace and ask
me for a hug
just the night before he was gonna do
something like that
it's uh i don't know it's like this
weird conflict and a conflict in my
heart where it's like this person was
basically like my
the first father figure i had and also
the worst person would ever come
come across from me if it's ever come
across to me i guess
it's like
yeah i think you explained it really
well
i'd be really surprised if someone
didn't understand that
and can i tell you what i heard
yeah that you know on the one hand it
sounds like he was the first
stable father figure who like cared
about you as a person
and also that he is so
selfish
right for so many reasons like it's not
just
like you said there are just so many
elements to it where like
you know coming in and asking you for a
hug like he gets the comfort
right like he gets to determine he gets
to like
plan things out and in a sense be at
peace like he's figured his plan out i'm
gonna say goodbye
i'm gonna get a hug because i care about
this kid and then
i'm gonna do this thing and i'm not
gonna stick around for the
responsibility
yeah so that's pretty much what it felt
like he even left a note
um before he did it since he knew he was
gonna kill himself
and uh in that note he was
basically just talking straight [ __ ]
about my sister
about my mom about my brother but
completely left me out like
nowhere nothing and it just feels weird
to um
sorry the first time in like
years almost when i'm crying almost
crying
but it feels like how do you say that
it feels weird to be the best friend of
your mom's murder i guess it's
yeah i i get the sense that there are a
lot lotta really
do you feel responsible
sorry do you want me to help you stop
crying
yeah sure i'm asking it's a genuine
question
yeah i'm hinted
okay um i'll give you a second cause now
i gotta figure
out how i'm gonna do that
worked good job i was like oh [ __ ]
he said yes i wasn't expecting that doc
this is the part where you say no this
feels good i'm i'm feeling so good
no like i need to cry like a television
it's like no he said yes
what do i do i'm sorry he's supposed
he's supposed to feel free and it's
supposed to be good he's supposed to be
able to handle it
yeah it was good but it's what everyone
goes for
i am quick
[Music]
[Laughter]
no i mean it's it's fine yeah i felt
like
if i was gonna say no that was gonna be
weird yeah and i
just wanna have to like watching me cry
for five minutes so
yeah yeah no i mean i'm totally fine
watching you cry i
you know it's you know that's that's
cool that's what we
come here to do a little bit
if it's like if it makes if it takes
things into like a different perspective
it's also rare that i
genuinely have so that's like the first
for two things now
yeah yeah yeah well i i did get the
sense that that was a
not quite as a defensive of a laugh
no yeah that was that was genuine yeah
it was a funny reaction um
so doc i feel like there's a lot to say
but i also feel like um
maybe it should be said at another time
in another place like i think it's
important to process what we talked
about
i'd like to still talk about one or two
things if that's okay with you but i
just kind of want to check in with you
about
you know where's your stamina bar right
now
okay um do you want me do you want me to
answer that directly or say is that like
in regards to maybe a
sort of aspect of my life no i mean like
like
for this conversation like where are you
oh like in terms of
so uh actually i'm still full
it's like i can still go on okay
okay so so uh in my experience
when we have something like this which
is sort of like
uh you know a good cry
followed by a genuine laugh like that's
what healing
sort of can look like sometimes but it's
also like
we should give ourselves the time and
space
to kind of process and decompress from
that a little bit
i want to share i think a couple of um
almost like more practical
thoughts and questions for you um the
first is i'd like to explain a little
bit about
um you know your experience of living in
the third person
and share some terms and and concepts
and things like that
i'm also really curious about what your
romantic relationships are like
oh that's all so i guess
that's gonna be
you know so so i'm i'm kind of curious
about that
uh um give me just one second
and you know just like because i i can
imagine that
a lot of what we're talking about will
you know make romantic it'll complicate
your experience of a romantic
relationship
i'm surprised that that's something you
um
uh that's the conclusion you could draw
out of her because it's true
um anyway i just didn't think that
that's something that's like correlating
but yeah it's very true um
because i don't do would you like me to
answer it right now or
i i mean so so i you know i am curious
about it i think that
i imagine we could spend another you
know hour and a half talking just about
that
um so i'd love to hear a little bit but
yeah so i mean please yeah i i mean i
can like
sort of put it shortly but um i've had a
lot of relationships
like in my life in general after like
turning into a normal to like to
to put it like that and um
it for me it's rarely been the case that
i was actually
genuinely genuinely romantically
invested to be honest it's more like
people would um come up to me uh
i would like i would talk to them and
eventually it would
just like the topic of romans would come
up
and for me it was just like a matter of
saying yes to someone because i didn't
want to see them cry and i didn't
dislike them enough to not feel like i
could have that sort of relationship
with them if that makes sense
but i never really have i guess
infatuation like
i don't really have any sort of feelings
of infatuation fortunately for anyone
um and
it usually just led to
relationships but for me felt like just
a friendship plus
almost but like you know obviously i
wouldn't like i wasn't gonna like
trample my feelings i wasn't gonna
do like i wasn't gonna cheat on them or
anything that's not it but more like
i just felt like i was almost like
yeah not not invested romantically um i
still
i still enjoyed their company i still
like them and loved them as friends
almost like
[Music]
yeah and but that changed at some point
when i met someone who's nowadays my
best friend
ima like ever it's like unimaginable
how compatible we are if you're watching
hi
um but this person is
it's it feels like having a mental twin
almost and this person is um
someone who actually wasn't let's just
say
they actually don't um look for the
gender that i am they actually look for
women but
um still worked out for some reason
because we were just so
almost i guess excited about the fact
that there's someone who
is that compatible with us if that makes
sense
and at some point it just uh
uh we just figured we would try it out
worked for a few months but eventually
yeah no it's like this is it's weird
since um
like just our sexual orientations
weren't um
working they're like working in time i
might say yeah but we're still
best friends and yeah
so someone like the most
important person in my life i would say
um
yeah so in every but ever since then
i've tried to see if i can have that
sort of feeling for anyone else which i
can't
it's um it just won't work it happened
for some reason
and it's uh but also um
i've remembered some this is gonna be um
this is gonna be a bit depressing again
uh i've remembered some stuff in my life
that happened which i
apparently managed to lock away which
somehow led me to just be almost
completely unable to
um i say that
i don't really feel like any sort of
like sexual attraction to people anymore
in general
um and it feels like nowadays
back then i used to be with a lot of
women just
um because like with a lot of women who
were also like
with a lot of men i'm not i didn't like
break any heights but
i was very uh active in that regards
because i felt like
if i'm with someone if i'm uh if i get
intimate with someone then i feel like
i'm still desirable
almost that's kind of like i think that
was like subconsciously going on in my
mind
but eventually that um
it didn't feel like that anymore it just
feels like it's uncomfortable for me now
and i don't really get like romantically
close to anyone anymore
yeah okay thanks for sharing that i
thought that was a
great summary so i think it makes sense
for a lack of a better term um and and
here's so here's here's kind of like the
main so i think there's a lot to
talk about so you know
i'll make a recommendation now and later
in more detail that
i think i don't know if you ever seen a
mental health treatment provider like a
therapist
yeah um like right after that uh like
right after my mom died um
we were assigned to someone who was very
kind
uh fair but i don't know she was a
therapist but it also felt like just
talking to a friend to be honest like
nothing really
it there's not really anything that came
out of it
so a lot of times when we you know when
people come on here i'll say
you know you should consider working
with our coaches or work with a
therapist in your case i'd say you
should definitely work with a therapist
so yeah i was gonna sign up for a coach
at first but
i figured probably that's too much i
mean like i think i think coaching is
i'm sure that coaching will you'll do
well in coaching but i i think
for what i'm about to explain i i think
um
therapy is definitely like worthwhile
now so i just want to be clear so i'm
not sure that
you know you have an illness or anything
i'm not diagnosing you with anything but
like
what what it really is huh i've been
diagnosed with ptsd but
somehow i don't feel like i it's weird
to say it's like
unless uh this feeling of like
completely numbed out emotions
is part of it i don't really see it all
that much it is part of it
okay so we're gonna explain that in a
second but but i'm not i'm not
surprised anyone is gonna diagnose you
with ptsd just to be safe given your
story
because there's no way that some that
this stuff happens to you and you don't
wind up with ptsd
at the same time i i don't know that
there's really like a clinical
like you know there are a lot of
questions that when we diagnose with
someone with ptsd like you have
nightmares flashbacks things like that
but i think that like this is definitely
so here's what i'm
i'm hearing from you doc is that your
life and your experiences
have shaped the way that you interact
with life
yeah right so so and the biggest thing
is like so this is like now a
psychological term
so i get some degree of
i think probably depersonalization
so with trauma our our brains can do two
things
they can it create a situation of
derealization or depersonalization
so dear really derealization is the
feeling that the world that you're
existing in does not feel real
you are real but the world becomes fake
so it's like i feel like
i'm living in a video game
the other thing that people experience
is sort of the opposite which i think
you're more depersonalization which is
that
i'm like i feel like i'm not actually
living my life
but i'm watching a character who's like
playing a video game
take the actions of my life so
i am not real i would
i think i would even like describe it as
me being the person who's playing the
character like uh it's free to explain
but like it feels like i'm
remote controlling myself absolutely so
did i say the word controller
or was i just thinking anyway so so what
i'll like
anyway so so the other way that i kind
of think about it is like you know i do
get the sense that
you are controlling yourself living life
right like the doc is playing the
character
of whatever your real name is who is
existing
you know presumably in germany in 2021
so that sounds to me like
depersonalization and that's actually a
feature of trauma and if we really look
at it like why does this happen
it's because when we have these very
traumatic experiences
our mind kind of unplugs from the
reality of it
and and and so in some cases like these
these periods will be like very very
like
acute and temporary so people will have
like periods of derealization where it's
almost like they're like
you know on psilocybin or lsd or
something where they like kind of feel
like completely disconnected and it's
like a trippy kind of surreal
sometimes scary experience sometimes
they'll also be associated with like
amnesia episodes where like people will
have a fugue state
where you wake up in a different place
like 30 hours later and you have no
memory of it
so our brain has yeah it can be weird
but like our brain has all these
mechanisms to essentially like
unplug from traumatic situations because
they hurt and it's been really
interesting because the first thing that
you said is that you know i feel like
i'm living life in the third person
and then just now when we kind of when
you cried for
you know some amount of time and it's
been a while you said like
you try to avoid it because it feels
real
and i'm making it real again when i
think about it
so i think it's good to make it real in
a way like
it's hard to explain yeah so so we'll
talk so so that's the thing right so i
want you to just pay attention to like
the language that i'm sending back at
you
life feels like not realish right like
i'm living it in the third person
like there's no point in the maid quest
it's all about the side quests it's
about the periphery it's not about like
my life third person autopilot side
character
side quests you are the npc in other
people's lives
instead of being the pc right like
you're like
yeah like it's kind of weird like even
when it comes to your romantic
relationships and stuff like that
you are the person that they have to
date before they find the one they love
you're like the npc in their story
it's not your story they're attracted to
you
they're infatuated with you they
approach you
so you're like you're you know it's kind
of weird
i got i got a really good um this is
something that i talked about with my
old therapist once uh where she was
asking me since i
told her since i also told her that i
felt like
some sort of superiority almost over
people um
like just from like a cognitive point
not actually feeling like i'm
better as like i'm a better person or
yeah worth more just but i can do more
sometimes um
uh and she asked me if i felt like a
king i said uh and i replied and i think
the best
like the best summary of what i feel
like is what i said
i'd rather be the um i know i'd rather
be the person telling the king what to
do rather than
the actual king that makes sense like
sure i want to be an advisor
yeah it feels more comfortable yeah so
that's the role of the npc right
it's like you're not yeah so so i i
think that there's
there's just a very it feels to me like
there's a very simple connection between
making it real again and
like living your main quest because i
think what you've managed to do
is like put your main quest on pause
like on purpose and for survival
because it's just too much man like
there's just too much
right there's like all the low value
stuff from early
on like not like and that would have
been enough man that's enough to get you
on stream
that's enough to talk about and then you
toss in
yeah go ahead uh sorry i just wanted to
say that
this is like one of the weirdest things
to tell people but like i i do believe
that
to some extent at least um what happened
like
the stuff that was continuously
happening in my childhood and like
up until the point where people stopped
bullying me and by like started getting
actually like popular
that stuff probably sticks more to my
head than anything else it's uh
as weird as it sounds no so i don't
think that sounds weird at all like so
you can
i mean you even told us that it can be a
confusing
observation that your teacher bullying
you
feels more traumatic than
you know i feel weird even saying this
but your stepfather
killing your mom and then committing
suicide and and yet
i encourage everyone to just notice that
if we want to be good
scientists we need to let our
observations shape our hypotheses
instead of letting our hypotheses shape
our observations
right and if that's what your experience
is so much of like
our so much of the reason that we get
the okay
sorry what are you feeling
oh for me it's just um
i don't know how to explain it it's i
think it's just like the nature of it
being so
such a continuous thing and it's not
even just about like teachers bullying
me i could have dealt with that it's the
fact that
everyone joined in and that feeling of
like
there's nothing desirable about me and
that's something that
is really hard to check even now i often
feel like
i can actually see a lot of people
relating to this when friends call me up
and ask me to come out
oftentimes i'd say no even though i know
i would have
more fun going out with them than i
would have staying in
just because i don't want to feel that i
don't want to feel uncomfortable
in the way that i
feel like when i'm outside i'm exposing
myself to
the change just the chance that i might
do something that might make
people look bad at me like might make
people
look at me in a way that's just um
like i'm weird against everything like
that even though i know it's not going
to happen it's just something that
always stays in my mind yeah absolutely
right because
and the reason it stays in your mind is
because it was put into your mind
over and over and over and over and over
and over again
this is where when we get to your sort
of like asexuality and inability to be
infatuated with people because i i think
that like this is where you know this is
a little bit more bread and butter like
you have to really think a little bit
about if you cared about someone
and if you were in love
how would it so you have that colonel
like you have that core of
unlovableness right like everyone dog
piling on
and as long as that exists i don't think
you will let yourself fall in love with
anyone
because i think so too i i'd have to be
very very comfortable with that person
yeah and and that's where like so it
seems that when you get your
you know your your twin
your mental clone like that you can
actually start to have those sorts of
feelings but
i i think it's sort of like like because
it's just too much of a risk right it's
gonna hurt
like it's fine for teachers and other
randos to bully you like it's fine for
your friends
you don't don't really know who you are
to like not invite you somewhere totally
fine
but if you let yourself love someone
and they respond to you in the way that
many people have in which you're
terrified of happening like that's going
to be too much
yeah because and the weird thing is it's
not even like the
um it's gonna sound bad i think uh it's
not even like about me
being afraid to lose someone that i know
as much as i'm afraid to lose that
slight grip on reality but i have but
maybe i
is something lovable above you that
makes sense exactly
so that's so you're absolutely because
because right now there's still a
question mark right
in your mind there's still a question
mark that maybe i am lovable
but if ever you love and that person
finds you unlovable then it's like it's
going to be the final nail in the coffin
yeah which which makes perfect i mean
it's not true
but it makes perfect sense does that
make sense like do you understand the
difference there
yeah okay so and this is why i think
this is really like therapy level stuff
so so like like when you
when you have someone who has been
through as much as you have
i think it takes really like a good
therapist
to help you
start the process of like making life
real again
because i don't think it's like it's not
like a malfunction it's a survival
mechanism
right so you've de-personalized you've
like withdrawn from life
because life like hurts way too much
yeah pretty much and this is where you
can also get into other kinds of things
like like you know maybe the reason that
the teacher's
bullying you hurts more is because
you'll let yourself get closer to that
whereas like when it comes to your mom
you really have to do your level best
because the guilt and stuff especially
we don't even touched on that
but like that you know so like all those
things doc i think at the end of the day
like i think you are a good person i'm
not just saying that because i'm dr k
like i think like
genuinely like you seem like a good dude
right and i'm not trying to pity you
but like i think i get to a little bit
right i don't like you because i pity
you but i think like you gotta let me
pity you somewhat
and i i can like you as a person
independent of the pity i hope you can
see that like i
i can see you as being a good dude i
mean you're dank
you made some money on crypto you're
busting out the lull analogies
and maybe that's you being a chameleon
for me
you know but i i don't just listen to it
but it's also
yeah i mean a little bit but this is
also like part of my core personality
just
uh i like making these metaphors that
are easy to
so so like i can like you for those
reasons
and have compassion and pity because it
sounds like boy have you been through a
lot
i guess that's like the sort of thing
that
prevents me from telling people because
i don't want them to think that i'm just
saying it for attention because that's
like
because you saw an uncle do that and you
know what that you know what
manipulating people in the compassion
looks like and you don't want to do that
which makes sense
yeah so so you know just the last thing
that i'd leave you with doc is like
there's this principle from
from indian philosophy called advaith
vedanta
which i think is a very useful way to
overcome conflicting emotions
and what advice vedanta says is that
essentially like
dualism or conflict is like an
artificial construction of the mind
and that reality just has like one
quality so like if we think about you
know is this a good glass of water
or a bad glass of water like neither
it's just a good glass of water
whether it's good or bad has to do with
the constructions that my mind puts on
top of it
and so i'd say your road forward
involves probably some combination of
like therapy to start out
second thing is you have to learn how to
love again yeah
and then third thing on a really
spiritual level and i think this is your
main quest because i think that some of
these
qualities that you describe about the
plebs and like your level of awareness
actually speaks to me of a certain
spiritual
iq right like it's not even necessarily
emotional i think
it even extends kind of beyond that and
then i think your real happiness is
going to be
when when you can sit and this is also
kind of involved in
in treatment for ppd for example like
when you have all of these conflicting
emotions that like both of them can
coexist
and be real and ultimately like even
beyond that you don't even have a head
or a heart that's actually an artificial
construction
and what you are is like
just something that's even formless
but that takes time and you know you can
do that long term
i guess to a degree formless that's
something but i don't really do feel but
i guess in a more negative
sort of way yeah so so for yeah so so
that that form like so even formless
is like not advice because
formless and form is actually like
two opposites right so there's there's a
there's a way to even transcend that
axis
and not feel formless or feel form but
just to feel
i feel period not anything on the other
end and i know it's kind of getting kind
of weird and abstract there but like
just for you to kind of exist and and as
as you understand advice then you do
particular kinds of meditation practices
you know like this sort of idea that
like it clearly isn't your fault what
happened to your mom
and you feel responsible so those two
things can feel conflicting
and you can work on transcending both of
those
yeah that's going to be hard it's going
to be helpful
that's step three end of the main quest
my dude
step one is seriously you should see a
therapist man like and
it's just like you you deserve some help
in the process of putting yourself back
together
which i i think it's clear you're a
survivor and like you've managed
amazingly well with you know
a lot of bad rng
i mean i i mean i'd also like
for this session i've been only talking
about like bad stuff in my life but i
i think something that really helped me
cope with
enough is just like the exact opposite
of what's plagued me in my
uh earlier just because nowadays i'm
very
um sort of popular where i live
um people um there's a lot of people who
i can
trust um at least like my brain knows i
can trust them
like they're just metaphorically
speaking again my heart will never do
but it's
like um or it will always tell me that i
shouldn't but i know that i can i love
these people to death
um and they've been really
good at keeping me company over like my
worst time of it
of course um as i said again um
so it's a funny story actually i met
these people like most of them of my
nowadays best friends like at all i met
them
in um my time working in my casino
[Music]
they used to be like in a school next to
mine
we were just like very very very like
far acquaintances i'd say like we didn't
really know which other world but
we knew each other's names that's it we
just started talking i just
turned out that they were the type of
people who are like extremely compatible
with the person that i am when i'm at my
most comfortable
if that makes sense because they are the
type to
if they have a problem with you they'll
just straight up tell you they don't
have any like
they don't really talk about anyone
behind their backs but they just make
fun of you right in front of your face
and then we'll also make sure that you
know it's okay though like they make fun
of you but we're trying to make you
laugh with them
i love these people today and they
helped me a lot with
um what was going on back then
and also stupid thing to say about this
just
as a server on discover also there's a
few people who really helped me
just by being who they are um they know
they're probably watching too
um oh sorry was that me or you
okay need something
i don't know anyway i'm sure if it's
yeah um sorry but it sounds like you've
had
a lot of really important people who
have helped you through hard times
both in person and on discord
yeah and to a degree um taking care of
my sister also really
um in a way gave me a goal that
i i don't know previously didn't think i
had
just something to do basically to
yeah and um it felt really nice to like
see her grow up to be like a really well
adjusted
and nice person and i often like to say
that she's like
who i would be if i didn't have any
problems at all like not uh i didn't
have any problems but if i didn't have
any like behavioral
behavior and problems if that makes
sense she's um
i know she's got strength i got
weaknesses basically she's i'm very
proud of her for that
it's been but it just feels good to like
that's why i said before what would she
say about you
um i'm pretty sure i could just ask her
right now but
i'm pretty sure that she would probably
say um
she she's often said like even in front
of her friends but i'm more of a father
than her brother
and um she's also like told me
occasionally i'm her best friend and
it's just
i don't know it feels nice to like know
that there's really some people who
deem me as important i guess yeah
i would imagine you're very important to
her
now we have a good cry is this a good
cry or a bad cry yeah
i i was hoping you couldn't see how it
was
i was hoping the camera quality wasn't
good enough for that
but this is a good cry
i guess something that i already knew
but just kind of proved to myself again
just by talking about it
that makes sense but yeah this is a good
cry
yeah good well i think doc thank you
very much for coming on it requires
balls of steel my friend
it's been it's been very rewarding yeah
i i'm just glad you um i'm glad you let
me
it's really nice talking to you
seriously yeah
you're you're very welcome man i'm i
really am glad you came on and
and you know give your sister a hug for
me
i would all right take care man thank
you so much you too
ah damn chat all right so i know we
normally meditate this time but i am
um dude i cannot teach meditation right
now